nbr philo = 100
thread 0 has started
thread 1 has started
thread 2 has started
thread 3 has started
thread 4 has started
thread 5 has started
thread 6 has started
thread 7 has started
thread 8 has started
thread 9 has started
thread 10 has started
thread 11 has started
thread 12 has started
thread 13 has started
thread 14 has started
thread 15 has started
thread 16 has started
thread 17 has started
thread 18 has started
thread 19 has started
thread 20 has started
thread 21 has started
thread 22 has started
thread 23 has started
thread 24 has started
thread 25 has started
thread 26 has started
thread 27 has started
thread 28 has started
thread 29 has started
thread 30 has started
thread 31 has started
thread 32 has started
thread 33 has started
thread 34 has started
thread 35 has started
thread 36 has started
thread 37 has started
thread 38 has started
thread 39 has started
thread 40 has started
thread 41 has started
thread 42 has started
thread 43 has started
thread 44 has started
thread 45 has started
thread 46 has started
thread 47 has started
thread 48 has started
thread 49 has started
thread 50 has started
thread 51 has started
thread 52 has started
thread 53 has started
thread 54 has started
thread 55 has started
thread 56 has started
thread 57 has started
thread 58 has started
thread 59 has started
thread 60 has started
thread 61 has started
thread 62 has started
thread 63 has started
thread 64 has started
thread 65 has started
thread 66 has started
thread 67 has started
thread 68 has started
thread 69 has started
thread 70 has started
thread 71 has started
thread 72 has started
thread 73 has started
thread 74 has started
thread 75 has started
thread 76 has started
thread 77 has started
thread 78 has started
thread 79 has started
thread 80 has started
thread 81 has started
thread 82 has started
thread 83 has started
thread 84 has started
thread 85 has started
thread 86 has started
thread 87 has started
thread 88 has started
thread 89 has started
thread 90 has started
thread 91 has started
thread 92 has started
thread 93 has started
thread 94 has started
thread 95 has started
thread 96 has started
thread 97 has started
thread 98 has started
thread 99 has started
thread 0 has finished
thread 1 has finished
thread 2 has finished
thread 3 has finished
thread 4 has finished
thread 5 has finished
thread 6 has finished
thread 7 has finished
thread 8 has finished
thread 9 has finished
thread 10 has finished
thread 11 has finished
thread 12 has finished
thread 13 has finished
thread 14 has finished
thread 15 has finished
thread 16 has finished
thread 17 has finished
thread 18 has finished
thread 19 has finished
thread 20 has finished
thread 21 has finished
thread 22 has finished
thread 23 has finished
thread 24 has finished
thread 25 has finished
thread 26 has finished
thread 27 has finished
thread 28 has finished
thread 29 has finished
thread 30 has finished
thread 31 has finished
thread 32 has finished
thread 33 has finished
thread 34 has finished
thread 35 has finished
thread 36 has finished
thread 37 has finished
thread 38 has finished
thread 39 has finished
thread 40 has finished
thread 41 has finished
thread 42 has finished
thread 43 has finished
thread 44 has finished
thread 45 has finished
thread 46 has finished
thread 47 has finished
thread 48 has finished
thread 49 has finished
thread 50 has finished
thread 51 has finished
thread 52 has finished
thread 53 has finished
thread 54 has finished
thread 55 has finished
thread 56 has finished
thread 57 has finished
thread 58 has finished
thread 59 has finished
thread 60 has finished
thread 61 has finished
thread 62 has finished
thread 63 has finished
thread 64 has finished
thread 65 has finished
thread 66 has finished
thread 67 has finished
thread 68 has finished
thread 69 has finished
thread 70 has finished
thread 71 has finished
thread 72 has finished
thread 73 has finished
thread 74 has finished
thread 75 has finished
thread 76 has finished
thread 77 has finished
thread 78 has finished
thread 79 has finished
thread 80 has finished
thread 81 has finished
thread 82 has finished
thread 83 has finished
thread 84 has finished
thread 85 has finished
thread 86 has finished
thread 87 has finished
thread 88 has finished
thread 89 has finished
thread 90 has finished
thread 91 has finished
thread 92 has finished
thread 93 has finished
thread 94 has finished
thread 95 has finished
thread 96 has finished
thread 97 has finished
thread 98 has finished
thread 99 has finished
mails == 2000000
